= diMLOrb

*diMLOrb* is a gem that helps you programmatically grab the timetables of the Metro Ligero Oeste (MLO) in the Madrid Community.

*diMLOrb* is web scraping the MLO official website (diMLO): http://www.dimlo.es/Informate/calc.aspx

I wanted to have a single click app in my iphone to check the timetable of the train I have to get everyday. For that purpose I created {diMLOya}[http://dimloya.heroku.com/], a sinatra app with a little ruby script. Yesterday when I stumbled upon this {codebrawl contest}[http://codebrawl.com/contests/james-your-very-own-voice-commanded-servant] I decided to convert that script into a real gem (my first one by the way) so I could use it to participate in the contest ({my solution is here}[https://gist.github.com/1087814] by the way : )

Note that this gem depends on the {diMLO}[http://www.dimlo.es/Informate/calc.aspx] website which is not very realiable.

== Installation
    gem install diMLOrb

== Example of Usage
    require 'diMLOrb'
    #say I want to go from Pozuelo Oeste station to Colonia Jardín station
    d = DiMLOrb::DiMLOrb.new(:PozueloOeste, :ColoniaJardin)
    d.proximo   # => (in minutes) amount of time first  train will take to get to Pozuelo Oeste
    d.siguiente # => (in minutes) amount of time second train will take to get to Pozuelo Oeste
    d.duracion  # => (in minutes) amount of time it will take the train to get from Pozuelo Oeste to Colonia Jardin

== Contributing to diMLOrb
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 ariera. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

